[IMP] payment_stripe: add information about express checkout (#2392)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/finance/payment_acquirers/stripe.rst

.. seealso::
   - :doc:`../payment_acquirers`

.. _stripe/express-checkout:

Using Express checkout

> ======================

Reviewer: Playing dumb here: what is express checkout? Why is it interesting to configure it?

Configure Apple Pay
-------------------

To enable the Apple Pay button with Stripe, you have to register your website on Stripe. To do so,
go to :menuselection:`Payment Acquirers --> Stripe` and check that the acquirer is **enabled**. If

> it's the case, a **register your domain** button should appears. Click on it to register your domain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
it's the case, a **register your domain** button should appear. Click on it to register your domain.
```

Reviewer 2: I believe it should also be a :guilabel: instead of ** if it's visual element the user can see.

.. note::

>    You have to repeat this operation if you change your domain name later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   You have to repeat this operation whenever your domain name change.
```
It feels more natural to me, but I might be mistaken... :shrug:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   You have to repeat this operation whenever your domain name changes.
```
Missing -s
